# Assignment #3, String Manipulation and Regular Expressions
## Due on Wed June 12th
Total 36 Marks
String Manipulation Exercises:
## 1. Complete book ex 14.5 pg 605 (6 marks)
### 3. 14.5 (Random Sentences) 
   Write an application that uses random-number
   generation to create sentences. Use four arrays of strings called article,
   noun, verb and preposition. Create a sentence by selecting a word
   at random from each array in the following order: article, noun,
   verb, preposition, article and noun. As each word is picked,
   concatenate it to the previous words in the sentence. The words should be
   separated by spaces. When the final sentence is output, it should start with
   a capital letter and end with a period. The application should generate and
   display 20 sentences.
   
   The article array should contain the articles "the", "a", "one",
   "some" and "any"; the noun array should contain the nouns "boy",
   "girl", "dog", "town" and "car"; the verb array should contain the
   verbs "drove", "jumped", "ran", "walked" and "skipped"; the
   preposition array should contain the prepositions "to", "from",
   "over", "under" and "on".

## 2. Complete book ex 14.9 pg 605 (6 marks)
### 14.9 (Displaying a Sentence with Its Words Reversed) 
   Write an application that inputs a line of text, tokenizes the line with String
   method split and outputs the tokens in reverse order. Use space
   characters as delimiters.

## 3.Validate Input (12 marks)
   The files ValidateInput.java and Validate.java contain code which use regular
   expressions. The regular expressions could use some improvement. For example the
   validateLastName function allows last names to start with a lower case letter.
   Perform the following improvements to the regular expression functions:
   a) Ensure all first names are at least 3 characters long
   b) Ensure all last names begin with a capital letter
   c) Allow addresses to contain up to 3 words. (right now up to two are allowed)
   d) Allow the state to allow up to 3 words( right now up to two are allowed)
   e) The validateZip function validates 5 digit American zip codes. Modify the regular expression so
   it also will validate Canadian Postal codes. (Ex// validates 54362 and A3C5K2)
   f) Modify the validatePhone regular expression so it requires a 2 digit country code at the start of
   the sequence (Ex 01-433-722-5324)


## 4. Redaction (12 marks) 
   Often times, documents contain personal information which should not be shared. A
   process called redaction removes this personal information and replaces each character
   containing personal information with a filler character. For example the date 05-12-75 could be
   replaced with ##-##-##.
   Given the file “sampleInfo.txt”, write a program which will replace the following:
   a) Dates in the format MM-DD-YY, MM-DD-YYY EX// 08-23-89, 08-23-1989 becomes ##-##-####
   b) Credit card numbers. Ex// 4624-3452-2311-7344 becomes ####-####-####-####
   c) Currency amounts. EX// $45, $45.45 becomes “$##.##
   d) Security codes are alpha numeric codes which are 20 characters long. They begin with the
   Prefix: “CODE”. EX// CODE4532859341492636, becomes CODE################
   Your program should open the sampleInfo.txt file, replace using a regular expression, all personal info,
   and then save the file as “sampleInfoRedacted.txt”.